DAT250: Software Technology Experiment Assignment 4

1. The first step I did was making a duplicate of my "pollapp" model because I know it's working, and I don't want
to mess it up. Instead, I made a new folder named "jpa" and copied the files from my "pollapp" folder which was
from assignment 2 and 3.
2. I implemented the dependencies in the kts file, and then looked at what new adjustments and implements 
that had to be done (which was a lot). I did not have all the methods which was a must, and it took some 
changing of my code to get it correct (Like "VoteOption addVoteOption".) 
3. I added my PollsTest, copied it from the assignment description in test>java>PollsTest, and changed the domain model entities
which was a "TO-DO".
4. I struggled for a while to figure out what the tests were looking for, but then I watched the lectureexamples which
gave me a lot of clarity as to where I should place the Entities and the rest of the annotators. I decided to put
"Entity" on "User", "Vote", "VoteOption" and "Poll" as they are classes. I gave them all autogenerated Id's. I messed 
around a lot on where to put the "OneToMany" annotations as well.
5. After showing up to the group seminar, I got a fix on an issue with the "import jakarta.persistence.PersistenceConfiguration;"
import that has been red for a long time. After that, I tested a lot with the annotators, read the errors and finally got
the correct result on my tests, which made me realise a lot about how everything was connected. 